hi in this video I'll be showing you our
new skeleton animation tool so to start
off I'm going to grab this template
right here which I will use uh as a
guidance when I'm creating my
skeleton this isn't necessary but I find
it to be helpful just to know where all
the bones uh should be so here I'm just
going to make sure it's the correct size
then I'm going to copy paste all the
positions over and then I will start
creating my
skeleton once I'm done with copy pasting
all all the images over it's time to
create the
skeleton so first uh it's good to take a
look at how the skeleton looks like uh
facing the South Direction Just so you
can easily see what is right and what is
left H once you understand how the
skeleton is built up I you can then
generate looking to the right then you
can um click the edit pose uh I mean
edit skeleton button and then just move
the uh points to the right
positions and what you can do later is
you can copy paste the uh the skeleton
over to the next frame and move the
points then copy paste over and keep
doing that till all the frames are are
fixed you can also at your own risk use
the uh selection tool to rotate points
and stuff like that just make sure that
uh none of the points disappear when you
rotate because that can create some bugs
just be warned this is still you know
experimental so I will make sure to make
improvements and fix all these bugs but
at the moment you need to be a bit
careful when uh
doing things that are outside the
box you should know that all these
skeletons that you make you can just
save and reuse for other
characters so the work that you put in
you can reuse so it's a time well
spent maybe we can even uh share some uh
skeleton poses on the Discord Channel so
people have a easier time getting
started and uh I will also make try to
add as many templates as possible to the
plug-in so hopefully you won't have to
edit as much or will get a good
start otherwise the skeleton tool is
very easy to use some things that's good
to know is the last point that you
mve uh gets like highest up in the order
so it will be if the points are
overlapping it will be rendered first so
it can be a
bit uh hard sometimes to know which
point is below which you can look at the
alpha value at the moment if you want to
make sure
but uh hopefully I will figure out a
better way of doing it in the future but
that's how it is at the
moment uh similarly to the animation
tool you can only generate four frames
at once but don't worry you can just
move forward in the uh frames and
generate from uh from for example the
fourth position and you can do the rest
of the
frames so you can see here two of the
frames in the UI are uh have an image
and two of them are have a black
background that means that the last two
will have uh something generated into
them and the first two
won't now I'm just going to use the
animation tool to get some nice hair
movement but you should actually be able
to do this with the skeleton tool as
well I haven't
tried um but at the moment the skeleton
Tools in painting is isn't as good as
the animation tool and that's why I'm
doing it with the uh animation tool
instead it is something that we are
working on and we'll once it's released
uh it won't be an issue and you'll be
able to do all of this in the skeleton
tool instead of the animation
tool uh here you can see me drawing in
the in painting layer and what this does
it allows the model to only edit that
area and you can see that in the UI
where it's black if the whole image is
black it means that the model can
generate into all of the
image I hope you en enjoy the video and
leave a comment if you have any
questions and uh yeah I will see you
next
time